ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1003b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1001b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1002f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f110071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f11003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f060030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f100353
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1003d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1003fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f0f0051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1003a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f10042c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f11006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/settings = 0x7f0700e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f110052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f100363
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f100382
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_black = 0x7f130000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f100367
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f1001ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f1001a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0500ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0c0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f100411
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0801a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f110080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f1001f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f110034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f11002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/profile = 0x7f0f00a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f100278
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f10032f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1001c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0c0097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1003db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f11006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f080103
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f100410
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f100442
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f100178
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f1003af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f1001e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0c0022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/menu_notes = 0x7f0801f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f10002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1002af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f100364
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0501c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0500bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f10033d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/cradle = 0x7f080084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f11000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f100081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f10040e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f10027b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f1002a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f100029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1003ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f10001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f110004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1000c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/fragment_settings = 0x7f0b006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f11004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f100340
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f0700c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Chip = 0x7f11001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f10027c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f0f003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f11001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1002bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f110084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100255
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f100306
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f10008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_surface_tint_layer_color = 0x7f0c0071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f06018a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1003a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/peekHeight = 0x7f08014a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1001d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1000bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f10040d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_regular = 0x7f130006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10026a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f06015d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f100293
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f100272
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f10033b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f10041b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f11003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f10036e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f09001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f100044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/menu_profile = 0x7f0801f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f0600ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f0302da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0500fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f10006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f05010b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100205
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f100385
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_extrabold = 0x7f130002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f10016b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1002d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f10005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0c0002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f110056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f06000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f100217
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f10026c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f100146
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/flip = 0x7f0800bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f10039c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0c00ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f06016e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f100303
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0c0021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1002ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/spring = 0x7f080196
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f100346
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1001d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f100099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f11002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/txt_pager_item = 0x7f0801ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f100443
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f10024a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f05008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1003bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1001bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f110041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1002a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f07006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f11003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f100371
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1003a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1002ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1001a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_transition = 0x7f0801dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0c00ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragStart = 0x7f0800a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f0700cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f0601e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f110017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0300a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f0700ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f10034d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f10028d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1003f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f100415
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1002b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f100372
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f11001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f100337
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f080193
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f0f0012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f10036a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f10039f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0b0039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f10036b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f050195
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1003de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1003d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f0801de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060127
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1003df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0801b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f0602b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f050245
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f110038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0c005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10013c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f11005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f100258
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f060000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f100324
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100246
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/unchecked = 0x7f0801d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1000a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MockView = 0x7f110061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1002d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f060285
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f0f0084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1002e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f10039a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1002b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f100222
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f100436
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f100359
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1000e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f070056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f08008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1000b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b0020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f10029e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0c0069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f100298
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f10042f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f10002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f10009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100283
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f100297
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f100379
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f10025f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f100397
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f0f0092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f100294
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f05005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f08006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0b0049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/closest = 0x7f080077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f110072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0b0032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_light = 0x7f130004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f110010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f1001fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1002ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1002c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/gridview_content = 0x7f0801f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f110005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f10022c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0b0019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f090012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f10028a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f100393
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100223
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0c0074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f08004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1002f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f100267
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0c000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100203
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/gone = 0x7f0800c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0b000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060257
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f10014f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f100369
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f06027f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0b0059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f11005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f08018b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f100341
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f110070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f10024c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0a000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1002b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f100375
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f0f004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f1001a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1002db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_semibold = 0x7f130007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f100439
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f100175
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f100132
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f100361
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1002d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f100395
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f10016a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f10043f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f100033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f0600fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f10016d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1002f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1002c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f100277
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f10001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0b004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1003e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f100252
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f100316
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f110049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f06000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f110097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f05015f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f1001f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f100069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1001ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f0700c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f110040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f10033a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f110074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f080041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0601f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0c00b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f1001ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f0f0094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0c00b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f060156
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f10027f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0c009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1002de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f100107
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/south = 0x7f08018f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f0f006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f110086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f100296
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0501d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f10034b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0304a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0c003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f090037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/nonselecteditem_dot = 0x7f0700e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f100241
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f11006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f100228
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f0600ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0c00a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f07009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0c000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f100420
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/graph = 0x7f0800c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100227
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f11000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f100355
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/settings = 0x7f0f00a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f100136
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f080012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1001de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f10042e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f070067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1003fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100213
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f100378
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f100245
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f100287
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f10035d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f100194
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0304a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060262
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f030124
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1002a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f100079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f11007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f10023f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f100212
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f1002f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f100348
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1001c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f100087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100215
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f11008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/off = 0x7f08013b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f100370
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0b0058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1003bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f1001f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f050052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1001ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f11004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0b000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1003e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f0f0022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f1003b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f060184
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1002ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100219
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f100075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c0056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f0f0069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10024f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragRight = 0x7f0800a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f050131
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1001d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f100177
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f06026a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f060037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1001b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f110003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f080117
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f06028c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f1001ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1002b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1001df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f10030c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f080025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f100422
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f100017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f10030b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_family = 0x7f0c00ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f110088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f060149
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1001d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/slider_4 = 0x7f0f009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f070093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f0c00c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/slider_applogo = 0x7f0801f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f080113
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f100357
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f10025a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f060229
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1001c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1002d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f0f002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1001b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f100344
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f10003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f0f001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f100268
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f1001a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0501f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0501dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f110089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1003d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1001a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f10019b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0f001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/vertical_only = 0x7f0801da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f100280
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f06025f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f100166
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f100193
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f0f0065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1003f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f0f008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f10018e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f06006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f10015d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f100168
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f030470
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0304a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f080146
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f10018a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f050163
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textTop = 0x7f0801bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1000ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f100421
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f100109
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0b0050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1003c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1001b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f10022b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f110079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1003dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10020f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0c009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f100186
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f100004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f080034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100221
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f100391
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f100142
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f100111
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100230
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f0f0053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f10032c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1000bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f10017f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f0f007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10020e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/slider_1 = 0x7f0f009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f100368
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1003e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0801cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f05023b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f11007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1000b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1001c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f05001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f10017b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f10017a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f10000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/pager_introduction = 0x7f0801ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f110094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f100173
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1000da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f10016f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1000a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f0f0077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1003e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f10008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f0f0086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f050231
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f030474
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f0f0029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f10042a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/selecteditem_dot = 0x7f0700e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f100423
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f100157
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f100154
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/group_divider = 0x7f0800ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0302aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f100273
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f080182
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100286
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f10010d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1000dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f10002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f10032a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f11008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f10014a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f100263
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0801bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f10013f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1003f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1002d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f1003a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1002d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f100352
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f100102
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0b0036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1001bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f10013e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f10013b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10013a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0c0062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f100270
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1002ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0c006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0c002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f030289
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f0700bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f0f009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f100100
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f100305
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0b004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f0700cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f100120
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/submit_area = 0x7f0801a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f10018d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/startVertical = 0x7f08019f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/animateToStart = 0x7f08004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0b0040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f11006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f100343
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f0f008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f10011f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f100043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0c0016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f100172
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f060297
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f10011e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f1001ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0f0031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/viewPagerIndicator = 0x7f0801f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0b003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dimensions = 0x7f080096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f10011c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f10012e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f100299
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f1001ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/center_vertical = 0x7f08006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_error = 0x7f0303c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f030012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1003cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1001a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f11001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/CardView = 0x7f100119
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f100129
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f100434
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0b003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0501ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/notes = 0x7f0f00a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f100117
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f100114
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0c0003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1000f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f05003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f100103
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f050129
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f030314
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1002b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f05019d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f06000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1001b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1002fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050274
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f100190
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/header_title = 0x7f0800cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10021b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f10021a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1000fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f100429
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0801c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f0700b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1000f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1000d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f10030f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f030135
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0800a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f06027a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0c001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f08013d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1000f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f10030a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f110032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f100319
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f050019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f10006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050151
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1000f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1000f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1000eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f07000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1000e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f110083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/FontInter = 0x7f100446
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f100444
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f100302
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0602bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/music = 0x7f0700e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f1003b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0c004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1001d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1000e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Transform = 0x7f110090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f070014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f1001fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f1001f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f110029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f0f0043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1000d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f070016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f050209
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1000d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f06004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1002fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1000cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1000cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1000c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1001bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f100144
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f05023c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1001ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0b0024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1000bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f10010e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f100315
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1000bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f10008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f100145
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f100414
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f06002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1000ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100259
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1000ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1000fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f10029b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f11007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1000a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f10043d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f10024b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0c0044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f090038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f11000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1000d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1000c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f030491
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f06023c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f060002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1001b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f10042d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f050241
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f100127
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f100229
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f060209
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0600b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0500b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f060119
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f100090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f100195
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f050228
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/teal_700 = 0x7f050285
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0801c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f0501b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0b0015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f030164
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f050090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1000c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f060298
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f080038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0500ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f10032b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f100197
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textStart = 0x7f0801ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f10008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f100308
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f10007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1003f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/auto = 0x7f080053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f100167
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0b0018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1003ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1000ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f100073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f100143
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0500c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f110046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f0f005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1003fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f10028f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f050084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f10026d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tabMode = 0x7f0801a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1001b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f100122
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/on = 0x7f08013c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10020a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f10005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f10035f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f10005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/none = 0x7f080135
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f100322
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f100064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1002e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0a0010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f03048b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f100185
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f10011d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f110006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f1001fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f10010a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f100180
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f11008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f080023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f080125
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f060277
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f03028b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/top = 0x7f0801ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f100049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f100059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f100438
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f0f006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0a000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f100047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f100424
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f100040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f10003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f10008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f07006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f100381
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0c007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f100020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f05024b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f1001ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f100290
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f0601d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f03037d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0601ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f060279
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f030151
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0500a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f030489
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f10030d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1002a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f100038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10021d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f0600df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f090013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1002fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1002a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0c0079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f110053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1002a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f100312
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1002b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f10002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f08016c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f060147
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f100042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f100365
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f07007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f050268
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f0f0095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f06020d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f100176
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1000ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f0f0056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0c008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f05016b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1001d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1002e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0801be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100284
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f100026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f100024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f10001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f100083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1001ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f10001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f08002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f100126
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f100018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f110015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f11000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f100015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f100011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f10000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f0f002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f100014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f100093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0f003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1003ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0501db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f10019e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f0800ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1003f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1003c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/stop = 0x7f0801a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f050230
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/arc = 0x7f080050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f10004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f10014e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f070026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f0602b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f10025c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0c003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0600d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f06008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f03005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f100023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f050055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1003a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1000a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f0f0090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f0f008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f110096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f0f0088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f100249
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f0f0085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1001fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f0f007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f1003ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f100417
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f080122
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1003a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f10033f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f0f007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f0f007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1002b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/startToEnd = 0x7f08019e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f100034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f05020a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f030413
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Variant = 0x7f110092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f0f0041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f05021e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0801ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1002ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f0700af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06014a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1002f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f0f0075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f100389
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f0f0042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f110027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f10013d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f0f0074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1000de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f0f0067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f0f0060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f09003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0301c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f07003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f100292
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f0f005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f100300
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f100430
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f050167
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1000d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f0f005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f110045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c0035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/marquee = 0x7f0800ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f0f005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/actionUp = 0x7f080032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f0f0058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1001be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f09002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f0f004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f1002a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f0f0049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f100275
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f100072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f060275
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f100061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1003b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f0f008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0f0038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f10030e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f0f0034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100224
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f100104
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f110028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f100149
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f0f002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f10012f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f0f0057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f10023e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/spline = 0x7f080192
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f10031e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f0f0024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f0f008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0601a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f0601e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f0f0023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f0f0072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f0e0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f0f001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1001c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0501c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f0f0006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1002e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f0f0004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/left = 0x7f0800e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f050259
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f110095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f10038e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1001eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f0f0001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1001cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_family = 0x7f0c00c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f06006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0800f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0c00c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060260
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f0c00c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f0c00bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100269
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f110037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0c00b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0c00b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0c00b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1000c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f100339
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f050193
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f06003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f100295
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f100161
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f0f0027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f05019f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0b0041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f100396
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f060031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f050182
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/uniform = 0x7f0801d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f100356
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0c00aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0c00a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f100035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0c0094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0c00a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f080028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0c006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0c009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f10041d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f03015e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10021c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0c0099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0801a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0c0091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0c008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0c0089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f070023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0c0088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f080124
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f03019e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f100159
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1001cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/alertTitle = 0x7f080047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f100427
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f060092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f060264
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1000a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f110012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_clear_button = 0x7f080171
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f100152
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f08001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f100282
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0c007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f10037a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1003c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f0f003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0c0051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100135
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f100118
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0c0075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100202
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f060212
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0c0072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0c006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c0067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0801dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c0047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/gridview = 0x7f0801f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0601a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f11000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0c0064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1000f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f050049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1003b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f080090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f110021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_text = 0x7f080043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f100405
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f10036f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1003fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0b0004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f0700b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f080102
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_divider_color = 0x7f0c005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0801d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f08002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f090024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f060237
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c0054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f10036c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f09001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c0059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f03047b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f05019a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0c0052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f100022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f10027e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f11006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0c0092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f0302ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f08012c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f110048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f08008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1001a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0c0048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f1000fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0c0046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0600ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c0045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f06029c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060125
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f0602ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0c003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f10007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0c0042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0501f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0c0040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0c003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Motion = 0x7f110062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060160
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f100170
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f0f0082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0c0039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f100030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f10001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f100182
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f10022a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f050240
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/checked = 0x7f080070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f110024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f0501b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1000f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0501c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0c00a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0c00a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1003fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0c002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f100169
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0c0023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0b004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0800f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/line3 = 0x7f0800e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0c002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0b0028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0c002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100242
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f100326
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0c002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f100085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10022e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0c0024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1003d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/password_toggle = 0x7f080147
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0c008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f100171
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1001e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f100384
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f10010c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f030218
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f060175
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f080066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f100031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0c001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/slider_item = 0x7f0b006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0c001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f06029f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f0601e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0c0018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/topPanel = 0x7f0801cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0c0017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0c0012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f05027e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f100325
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f1003ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0c0011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f100045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f05006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f05025d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f100025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0801ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f100027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f100426
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f11001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f0700a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0c0007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0c0005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1003ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1003b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/radio = 0x7f080152
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0b0069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0c0098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0b0068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0b0067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f10017d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f100437
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f05011a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f0302c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0b0063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f110020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/triangle = 0x7f0801d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/centerInside = 0x7f080069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f080188
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f090029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0c00a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f110050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f10031a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f10043e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f0f0076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0b005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f100445
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0b005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f06004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_family = 0x7f0c00c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0300ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/purple_500 = 0x7f050276
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f11003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f110025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b0051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06012c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0b004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0b0044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0b0037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f0602a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f050233
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0b0033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f10040b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1002e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0b002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1001ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f070019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bounce = 0x7f08005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f030423
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f0601f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f050115
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10023a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f090019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f100110
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f11005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0b002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f080001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1002be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1000df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f0303d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0b0029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scroll = 0x7f080161
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f07000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100133
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0b0023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f110076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0b001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f10023b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0b0055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0700cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/activity_starting = 0x7f0b001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_family = 0x7f0c00c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f06009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100225
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0b0025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f080123
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1002c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0b0005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f10028b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100208
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0600fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f1001ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0b0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1000a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0a000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f08012d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f03000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0600a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0c0070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1003da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f03019f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/clear_text = 0x7f080073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0c004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1003cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f100279
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1003a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0b003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f090039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0c0073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1002ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1000c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f100181
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/compress = 0x7f080079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f0f0071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f090034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f100235
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0700ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f09002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f100349
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10025b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0800fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f09002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f10010f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0b003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f110002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f1001aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100201
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f090023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f070091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f0500df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0501bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f0303e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/background = 0x7f030044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f050036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f100124
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f0f0025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f09001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f10021e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f05021f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/screen = 0x7f080160
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f09001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1000e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1003a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1002dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f10015b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f110085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f100301
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f100082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f070010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f090018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0c001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f090016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1002bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f090015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1002ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f09000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/slider_5 = 0x7f0f009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f06005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f09000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0601dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f100019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f100342
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f10015e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/View = 0x7f110093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1000d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0c008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f05003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0501ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f1001e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f0302db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f090006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f0600f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f05006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f10014c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0b0031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f050005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f090004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Layout = 0x7f110047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f10016e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f100285
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f080014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/center = 0x7f080067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0b0016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f0f003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/withText = 0x7f0801e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f0f0016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0b0065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f110055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1000d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0801aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0c00ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f10025d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f100383
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f06029b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/warmth = 0x7f030496
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f10028e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f11002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f090002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1002cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f090001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f090000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f05020f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/x_right = 0x7f0801eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/x_left = 0x7f0801ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0c008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f0801e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1000b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0801e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f03025c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1001f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0c00b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0801e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f10038b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f10038c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1002ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0801e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f0f0019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0801df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0c000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0801db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f10031d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/up = 0x7f0801d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0801d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f0f003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f1001f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/packed = 0x7f080141
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f0f0066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1001c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f07007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f08011b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f100080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/title = 0x7f0801c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0700db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/noState = 0x7f080134
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f0f004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f110075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f100402
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0801c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f1002f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1003c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0801bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f100288
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0801b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/text = 0x7f0801b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0801b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f11005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f0501b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_slider_halo_color = 0x7f050130
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f080181
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0801af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f10004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f100260
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0c0025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f100428
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100248
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f060170
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10016c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0801a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f0500e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f070020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0500c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/standard = 0x7f08019b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0b005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/src_over = 0x7f08019a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10023d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f10041e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/src_in = 0x7f080199
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/src_atop = 0x7f080198
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f05000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f060047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f090014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f03018e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f05027c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f030341
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/spread_inside = 0x7f080195
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f0602a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f090003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_extralight = 0x7f130003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1001a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0602bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1003f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f100335
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/spread = 0x7f080194
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0800c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f100214
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f100139
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1000e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f1001f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Slider = 0x7f11007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f080191
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0500cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/cos = 0x7f080082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f03021e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/slide = 0x7f08018a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0b0064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/wrap = 0x7f0801e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/showTitle = 0x7f080186
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1001e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/showHome = 0x7f080185
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/shortcut = 0x7f080183
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f10032d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/selection_type = 0x7f080180
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f08017c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0b001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f100432
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f100209
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f100046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f08017a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_divider = 0x7f080173
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f050271
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_background = 0x7f080170
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f06004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0b0022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_src_text = 0x7f08016f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0f0039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f0f0062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_plate = 0x7f08016e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f07009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f030318
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f05004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f11004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0f0099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100261
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f060168
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f08016b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f08016a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0801ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_bar = 0x7f080167
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0b0034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f0500ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f0f002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f0600f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1003b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f110014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f030499
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f08011f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_badge = 0x7f080166
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f03028f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/clockwise = 0x7f080076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/selected = 0x7f08017f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_bar_text_view = 0x7f080168
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scrollable = 0x7f080165
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1000ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scrollView = 0x7f080164
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1002aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f08011d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.NoteVault = 0x7f100262
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1000cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f100016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1002a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f080162
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f0f0047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f060185
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f030399
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f080115
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scale = 0x7f08015f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1001d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f08015c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1003f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/rounded = 0x7f08015a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/right_side = 0x7f080159
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f050043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0b0056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ignore = 0x7f0800d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f030076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f06019c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f080155
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f10040a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/rectangles = 0x7f080154
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f030015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0b0001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f080151
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/altSrc = 0x7f03002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/progress_circular = 0x7f080150
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f11008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/path = 0x7f080148
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0c001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/outline = 0x7f08013e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f030410
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f030179
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f110063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f070077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f050002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f0f0093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f0700ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f08013a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f030471
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1002dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0c0038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0c0041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/notification_background = 0x7f080138
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0801c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0601df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_side_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1001dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f070040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f080132
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1002e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f0f0026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f0f0017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f080131
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1002c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0800e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/never = 0x7f080130
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f0601cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f030334
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0801a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f0602a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f08012b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f10019a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f080129
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0801b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f050270
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0c0020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f080120
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100138
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f0f0021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f100318
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f080118
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0c0028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/baseline = 0x7f080058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f030111
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f0600f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f050093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/path_percent = 0x7f030344
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f080112
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f10034f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f110039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f05000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f03019d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0800a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f10000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f080111
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f0f0064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100276
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/edit_query = 0x7f0800aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/motion_base = 0x7f080110
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0501d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_title = 0x7f08010f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1002e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_header_container = 0x7f080176
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_grid = 0x7f08010a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f05014f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f0501a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f10017c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ratio = 0x7f080153
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f0f0040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0b0060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0300d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0700d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0800ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f060252
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1003ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f1003ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0800f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f100113
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f10011a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f1003c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0b0009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f050053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f080116
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/useLogo = 0x7f0801d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f100398
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f050210
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/listMode = 0x7f0800eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0601ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1003be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/inward = 0x7f0800de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f100039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0800d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f100243
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0c0061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f060189
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/image = 0x7f0800d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f03037c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f080006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f10041f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0b0006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/hideable = 0x7f0800ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f06013f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f100317
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f110054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f050286
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f0f006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0800c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f10031f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/State = 0x7f110081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/forever = 0x7f0800c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060132
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/floating = 0x7f0800c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f060123
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0302ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bottom_navigation = 0x7f0801f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/filled = 0x7f0800b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0b006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f030343
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0800b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f0303f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f030432
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0800b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/embed = 0x7f0800ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/easeOut = 0x7f0800a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragDown = 0x7f08009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0700d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f05024e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/centerCrop = 0x7f080068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f10041c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0c0053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f080093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f10026f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f0f001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0801b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f100160
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1000ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f080091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f0600ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0601fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f0600fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f10017e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f070058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/noScroll = 0x7f080133
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f08008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f06011f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f10043c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f05026c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f06013d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f05008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f08008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f080089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0600ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/cut = 0x7f080088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0501c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/custom = 0x7f080086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/skipped = 0x7f080189
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f06005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/gridview_label = 0x7f0801fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/content = 0x7f08007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f09001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f100125
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/constraint = 0x7f08007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f0303f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/disableScroll = 0x7f08009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f10028c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f10031b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0300c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f080075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f09001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f110060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f1003a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f100418
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0b0003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0c0006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0c000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f100123
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f080074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f110007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0b0043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f0602a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f0f008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/checkbox = 0x7f08006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f030364
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/decelerate = 0x7f08008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/chain = 0x7f08006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1000d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f060241
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/callMeasure = 0x7f080064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/west = 0x7f0801e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0b0062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f100163
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f080062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f030479
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f0302f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f05008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f080060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/barrier = 0x7f080057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f080055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f030178
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0800af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f08004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1002d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/always = 0x7f08004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f100009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/all = 0x7f080049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f030415
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/add = 0x7f080046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f100334
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f08003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0800d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06014b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f030181
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f06013c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f08003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f030148
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1000d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f100307
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f10037c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_image = 0x7f08003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f060226
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/currentState = 0x7f080085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f0f007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f080036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f070049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/actionDown = 0x7f080030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0c0019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f11005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f100187
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f100413
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/easeIn = 0x7f0800a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f080026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f070036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f050255
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f0601d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100206
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f080022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f0500e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f08001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f080019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/legacy = 0x7f0800e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f080018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f06002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f06024d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f080017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06021a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0600bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f05012e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f080015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/TOP_END = 0x7f08000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0301d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/SYM = 0x7f08000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f03034a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0800fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f080009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f100239
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f06000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/SHIFT = 0x7f080007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f030261
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0601ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f080004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ALT = 0x7f080000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0700df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f110026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f050072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f08005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0301b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f0700dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f050000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0700dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1000fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0700da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f030154
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f0700c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0700c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f090028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0700c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f08003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/endToStart = 0x7f0800ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f060048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0700be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f0f0020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f100000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0801cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060128
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f0700bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0600b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f0700b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f100271
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f03004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f0601af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0700b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f0700ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f10026e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f0f0050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f10031c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f0f0054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f050242
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f07009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f060287
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f10025e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1001e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f07009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0501d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f060215
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f07009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0800d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f0f0087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1002ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0c0082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f0700ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f0303ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f070097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/methodName = 0x7f0302e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f0700bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_appbar_background = 0x7f070096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10022d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0b0035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f100183
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f100257
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1000d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f11005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f070094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f060069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0302c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f060235
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f07008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Badge = 0x7f110013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f030255
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f07008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contrast = 0x7f030126
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0f0032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/confirm_button = 0x7f08007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f060043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f060214
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/labeled = 0x7f0800e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0f003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f110082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f100407
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f07008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1001ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f090005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f10020b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f03004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0500cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f0302bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f070088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0800e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f070084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/time = 0x7f0801c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f05008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f070083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f050098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f060054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0302a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f07007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f100431
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f07007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f070076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f030102
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f070070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1002fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f070069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f110030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f0600e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f070064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060179
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f100387
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0500a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0c00a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f07005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0500fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f050089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f100048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0801b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f03014f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f070057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f05006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f0601ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f070098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f070052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f050272
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f03010d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f070051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/north = 0x7f080137
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f08001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1001c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f07004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/italic = 0x7f0800df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onCross = 0x7f03032a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f030127
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f070035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f070068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f070034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f0303e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f050183
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f10019f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0700d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f070030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f030337
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f1002f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f050172
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f11002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f06026e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f07002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f100345
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f07002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f06001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f100108
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f070024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0501f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0601e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/META = 0x7f080005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f07001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0b005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0300f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0302b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1000e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f07001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f07001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f07001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f03031c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1000ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f070017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f070015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0501d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0501d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0700c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f100338
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/container = 0x7f08007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f080029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f0302f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f070013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f07000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f100425
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f070006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f070005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f080092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f070003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/slider_2 = 0x7f0f009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f100198
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f07005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0602c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f080157
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0602bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1000dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0c0086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f0600f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f050171
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050237
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f0602b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0602ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f06020b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f06017b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0300b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0501be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f10014d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f10002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f05002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f03045b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f100390
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f060110
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f080114
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f030000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f0602b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1002d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f0602b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f0f0078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f0602b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/contentPanel = 0x7f08007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f0601c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1003e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f0f0036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f030444
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f0602b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f0602ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f0602ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f10041a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f0602a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f060205
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f0602a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f100264
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f060299
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060294
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f0600e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f060293
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f060292
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f030080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060291
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060290
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f10042b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f090031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f06028d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f03007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f0301de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f06028a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f060288
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f030412
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0500c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f05014e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0301b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f100155
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/normal = 0x7f080136
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f060284
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f070071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f060283
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f060282
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f03018c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f060281
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0700d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f06027d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f030449
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f060278
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f060273
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f060272
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f060271
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f060265
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1000b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060261
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f06025c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f030223
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f06025a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f10037f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/chains = 0x7f08006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f060155
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f060258
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f1003ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f060255
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f0f0059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f060254
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f0f0079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f060253
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0501ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f070033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f060251
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f100032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f080059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0b002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f06009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f06024c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1000ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f060242
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f060248
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f0600f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f060244
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f060243
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f060240
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1000e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06023a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060236
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f0f005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f060233
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f0f006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f060232
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0b000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1001d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f060222
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f060231
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/groups = 0x7f0800cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06022b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f030368
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f03001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f060228
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f030091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f060225
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f060220
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f030035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f05023e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f080035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f06021e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f060193
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f060029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/with_icon = 0x7f0801e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f0501ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f06021d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f06021c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/blocking = 0x7f08005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f03017f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f06021b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0c0013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f06011b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f0f006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0b0053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f060219
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f060217
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0b0014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0800a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f10007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f060216
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f060210
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f06020f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f0601c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f100386
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/round = 0x7f030373
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f070050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f06020e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f07002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f0601f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f08011e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f060208
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fill = 0x7f0800b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f060207
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f11002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f050106
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f060206
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1003d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f09002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f060203
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f0700c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0601ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0b001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f0f001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0601fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0601fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f07003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0601fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0601f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f060071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0601f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f030327
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f0601f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/frost = 0x7f0800c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0601f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0b0011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f05024c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f0601ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f08012f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f030365
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f06023d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f0601eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f090026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f0601ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1003bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f0501ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f0301f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f080104
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f0601e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f0601e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f0601e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f05024a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0601dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f0601db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0f0098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f0601da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0601d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f06026b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f0601b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060234
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0601aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0601d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f0601d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1001bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f060004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f0301f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f0601c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f10003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f030278
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f070037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0800fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f0601e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f030377
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f0601c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0601bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f0601d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0601bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0601b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0c0085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f0601b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f060195
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0601b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f0601ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f100404
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f0601a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f0601a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0601a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/animationMode = 0x7f030034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0601a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f080016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f06019f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f030299
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f06019e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f06019a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f060245
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f060199
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f060198
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f060197
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0f0030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1003e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f0501b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f060196
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f060194
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f060192
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1003d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0500a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f08019d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f060191
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1001d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f06018e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f06018d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f06018c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f0f002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f07003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f06018b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f0601c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f100274
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f060166
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f0c00c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f060187
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f07003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f0302d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f10012c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0801ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f060183
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f090011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/disjoint = 0x7f08009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f060181
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f10012a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accelerate = 0x7f08000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f060180
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0a000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f05010e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f06017c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f070065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060178
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060177
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f030189
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f0601e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060172
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f0f0089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f030498
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f050155
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0304a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060171
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f06016f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f06016b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0300ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060165
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f060163
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f06015f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1000a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f06015e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f06015b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f06015a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f060158
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f060111
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0700b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f060157
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060152
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f06014d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06014c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/row_index_key = 0x7f08015b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f060148
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f0f0091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f06017e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f060145
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f060144
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f050254
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f030208
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f060142
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f07008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0b0047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1001da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f060140
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f10006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f06013b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f06013a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/beginning = 0x7f08005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f050216
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060137
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f100409
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f030254
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060136
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/icon = 0x7f0800d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f060135
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0301cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f060133
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f070022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060131
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f030197
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f0600e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f06019d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f06012e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f050202
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f11007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06012b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06012a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_divider_height = 0x7f060129
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/menu = 0x7f0302e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f0601f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f060121
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f030036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f060173
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f030241
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f060120
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f06011e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Transition = 0x7f110091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f0601c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f100196
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f06011d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f05022b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f100147
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f070087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f060115
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f06010f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f06010d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f06010a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1003e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:xml/data_extraction_rules = 0x7f120001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f060109
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0c0084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f060006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0303ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c0058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f060107
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f060103
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0600a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0500d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f060100
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f05000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f0600f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f0600f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0c00ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0c0001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_circular_progress_indicator_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0600f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f0600eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f0600ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f1001f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fitStart = 0x7f0800bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f0600e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0b0046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0600e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f060134
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f050170
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f0500f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f0600e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0b002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f0600de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0600db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0c0095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f03020d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0600d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f070045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0600ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0600c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f050136
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f0f0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f0600fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f0501ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0600da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/square = 0x7f080197
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0600c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0600c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f10015a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f08010b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0600be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f030450
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0600bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f07008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0c003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f0f0070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0600b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f05025a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f0602a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060106
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0b004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0600b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_radius = 0x7f0600ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1003cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0301dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0600ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f030428
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0601b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f0301d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f06016a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0600a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f030300
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0c00c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0600a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f10010b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f080174
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f05008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0500a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0600a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f050141
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0c0034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f060270
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0600a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f060068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1001c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f030382
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f08015d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0600a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0b0048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f030233
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f06009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0301f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f07002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f070012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f0f0015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f060093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f10018b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/layout = 0x7f0800e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f06008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f060088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f080020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f0800f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f030159
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0501e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f060169
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/parentRelative = 0x7f080145
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f100210
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f060084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_thin = 0x7f130008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f060082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f06007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f06001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f050186
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f030270
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0800b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f06007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f06007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f030173
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f05003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f060070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/percentY = 0x7f030348
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f100323
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f06006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/title_template = 0x7f0801c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f070063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f060065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f060063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f060061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0c0060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f06005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f06005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0501cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f100192
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f06014f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/pressed = 0x7f08014f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f11000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f060055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f060052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f060051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f06028e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0501f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f06008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f06004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f080100
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f030452
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0501c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f030490
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f060046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f060044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0500af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f05011e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f100112
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f060041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f050139
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f06003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f030276
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06016d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f110068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f06003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f0303fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f100200
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f060039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f06026f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f060038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f100037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f060036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f060034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f050260
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f06002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f05017d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f100165
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f060026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/parentPanel = 0x7f080144
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f060022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0301ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f03009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f060021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f06001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f0f0007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f060019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050168
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f060018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f060017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f08009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f060016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f100184
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f10020c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f060011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f030144
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f06000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f060008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f10009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f070011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0302cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f0700c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f050013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/white = 0x7f050288
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f100041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f080002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f050283
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f03029e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0c003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1003a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f030038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/chronometer = 0x7f080071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f060202
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f050282
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f05027a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f050279
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f050278
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/purple_700 = 0x7f050277
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f11003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f05026f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f050226
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/number = 0x7f030328
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f1002f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f05026e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f05026d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f05026b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f05026a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f050267
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f05022c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorShown = 0x7f03018f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f03010e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f030497
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f0302df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0b0027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060138
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f050263
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f030005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/chain2 = 0x7f08006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f050262
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f05025b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/triggerId = 0x7f030484
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f080027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f060005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f050212
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0500b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f1001f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f050252
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0601b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f050077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f0f0014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f050251
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f030312
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f050250
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f050249
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f050247
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/button_material_light = 0x7f050029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f050246
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f030308
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f05018f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f05023f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f06009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f0602b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f05025e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f05023d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0500db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f060211
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/aligned = 0x7f080048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f05022f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f05022e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f030390
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f06024a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f0601ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f10014b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f05015c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f07005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f05022d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f100105
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f050229
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0602be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f050227
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f050223
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0800b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f10039e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f050222
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f050221
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f100028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0600aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f100158
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f030395
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f050220
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f05021b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f100106
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/right_icon = 0x7f080158
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f05021a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f050281
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1000e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f050211
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0300cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f1003ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f05020e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f05020d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f05020b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dialog_button = 0x7f080095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f050208
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f050207
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f050206
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0300e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f050205
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/actions = 0x7f080044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f050166
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0301b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f050201
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f0501fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f0501fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showText = 0x7f030397
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f080056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0501f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f050062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0601a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0501f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0801b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0501f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1002d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0501ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0501e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0c0043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1003bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0501e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f030429
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0601fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f060001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f050232
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f100408
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0501e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/async = 0x7f080052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0501e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f0300ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0501e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f0300ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0501e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0501df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f050236
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0501de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0c0014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0501dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f030128
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0501d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0301cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0501d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f030155
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0501d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f030284
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1002cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0f0037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f060221
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0501d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f060079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1002fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0501ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f0303aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0501cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0301be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f0601cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0500d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f030363
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0501c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f03028a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f050287
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f0303dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0501c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f0f004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f05003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f030430
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f080126
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0602bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0501bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0a000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0501b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f060161
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f060035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f050239
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f03021f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f0501b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_root = 0x7f080177
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/elastic = 0x7f0800ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f080080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0501b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f1001af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0501af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_color = 0x7f0501ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1002ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f03026a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f07004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0501aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0f0045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f060223
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f05012d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1002e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f0501a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f03017b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f0501a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f03026d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f050150
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f080024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f06003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f0501a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0801a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f08018c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060154
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f060104
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f05019e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0300c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f050198
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/cache_measures = 0x7f080063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f050196
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f0f0068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1000b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f030101
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f080101
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100247
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f050194
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f050190
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f100327
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0700de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1003f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0700d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f05018c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f050188
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f050187
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1001c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0f0046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f030346
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f050185
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f05017c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f05017a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f060162
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f050178
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f05017f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0600e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1000a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f050177
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f050176
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f0f0073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/matrix = 0x7f080106
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f050175
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f06025b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f050174
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f050173
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0800db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f05016f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f03023f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f05016c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f05016a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0602a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f050169
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0b0030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f10011b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f030125
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f050160
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f06024e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f110001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f05015e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f05015d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f110008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f070042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f060081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f05012f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f110042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f050159
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_content_container = 0x7f080172
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f050158
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f050156
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f03030d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f08000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f05014d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0700b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f05014b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f050149
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0800e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/asConfigured = 0x7f080051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f050147
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f050145
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f030249
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f030325
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f100400
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1001b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f050143
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f0500ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f03041f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f110035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f0302ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f050142
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f11004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f08002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f030495
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f05013b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f03026e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f050112
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f030320
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f10034c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f0303be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f030481
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f05012b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f0f0033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f050127
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/home = 0x7f0800cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f0601d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f070060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f03034b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0500d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f100226
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f030201
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_edit_text = 0x7f080175
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f050124
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f10003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f0303c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f03011a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f050122
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f030040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f05011f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f110043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f0302e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/autoComplete = 0x7f080054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f07006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f030459
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f050111
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f05010a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f050108
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f0601b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0300c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f050137
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f050107
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100250
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f05003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f0500f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f100121
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f050128
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f100330
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f0500f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f050066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f0500eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f100266
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f030001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/saturation = 0x7f030375
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f0500e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f030388
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f03043b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f0601cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f060025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f0500e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1003dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f05008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f08017e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f05004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f0500e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f06004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f050083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0300df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f100254
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0500dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f03022d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f05010d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f06020c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f0303ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f080094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0500da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f100419
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f030185
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0500d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f0302e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0800c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0500d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1002c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0500d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0c0078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0500d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050238
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0500ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f0301ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f03027b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f030369
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f080139
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f03005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0500cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0500c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0500c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f06025e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0500c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f06024f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0500bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f05012c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0301c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0500be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0b0045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0602c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f100162
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0500b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0d0000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f06010b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f030053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0500b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f0f0048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f030323
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f030229
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f070055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f0601a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f06006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0302a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f030112
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f030313
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0500ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0500aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f100366
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0c0087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f0501b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1003b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f100392
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0500a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f030123
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f050099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f10027a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0301bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f050096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f050095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f03009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f050092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f050085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_button = 0x7f080169
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0500ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f050082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f100311
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f030301
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f050081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f100013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f05004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f050080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f05007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/outward = 0x7f08013f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f05007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/snap = 0x7f08018d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f0602a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f06017a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f05007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f10012b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f06003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f030228
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f0f004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f03028c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f030349
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f050073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0600cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f0302fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f0303b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0b001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f01001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f10034e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0b0026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f050071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0501c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f050069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f030406
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f0501a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f050063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1001cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f030486
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f050060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1002eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0c00a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f030026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f05005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f0302f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f05005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bottom = 0x7f08005d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f110077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f050058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f11006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0c001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f050051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0301b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f050050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f11007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f080119
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0c008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f08002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0c00b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f030259
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_error = 0x7f05004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f100377
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0b003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f06027c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f05009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f05004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f050010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f030100
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1001a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f0303e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f030030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f100128
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f030447
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/colorPrimaryLight = 0x7f050032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/colorPrimaryBackground = 0x7f050030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0500b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0700d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/background_rounded_light2 = 0x7f0700e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f030137
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f05002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f060124
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f040001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050026
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f050025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f08010e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f0500e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f0303ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1002f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f070053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f0f002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f100403
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f03036b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050248
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f050144
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f0500f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f0302cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f050017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0b005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f060130
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f05013d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0800d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f06006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f10003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f0500de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f0303c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f050004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f050003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/fragment_notes = 0x7f0b006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f060276
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f10027d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0300b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f040002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f030385
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0500c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f030494
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f050070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f110059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f10015c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fixed = 0x7f0800be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f10035c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f030370
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060117
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f030294
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0500b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0300bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0304a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0304a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_surface_outline = 0x7f050225
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1002a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0304a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0601be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/sin = 0x7f080187
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f03049f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0301c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0301b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f03049d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f03049c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f10038d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0c0096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0500c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1003d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f03016a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f03033c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f0500e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f0302c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0600d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0300a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0500ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f03046d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f1003eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c0029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f060227
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f030215
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f030492
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f030359
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f03048a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f060174
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f0500f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0500fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f10040f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/upDuration = 0x7f030488
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/targetId = 0x7f0303fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f030487
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f030269
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030171
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f030483
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f0500e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f09003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0302a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0c0015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f03047f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c0057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f03047d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f10021f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f060269
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackTint = 0x7f03047c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f03047a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f030283
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f100131
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/springDamping = 0x7f0303ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f0303e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0500fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackColor = 0x7f030473
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/track = 0x7f030472
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0700d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f03046f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f050123
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f03046e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0500a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0b004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0700c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f0600fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1001b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03033a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f03046b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f10004d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f05009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f080078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f030468
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0c0008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f030467
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f03012a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f100441
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f030464
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f050078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f10019c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f030461
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f030460
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f050061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0301c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f03045a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0601bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f030122
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f050040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f100216
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f0601c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/masked = 0x7f0800ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f030458
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f050258
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/sawtooth = 0x7f08015e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f05014a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/title = 0x7f030456
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f10043b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f060188
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f050214
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1002e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f030117
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tintMode = 0x7f030454
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0801cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f05002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1000db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0c0055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f05015b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tint = 0x7f030453
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10024d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f030207
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f030134
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f03044d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f030292
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f0f0013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f060247
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f030476
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0301f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f050067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f030446
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0c005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f030445
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f06017d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f030022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f030067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1003f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0c0076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f030442
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_container = 0x7f08003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f05000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f030165
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thickness = 0x7f030440
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/purple_200 = 0x7f050275
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f03043e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f03043d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f03040b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f050065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f10022f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f030482
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f03043c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0800d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f060186
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f050087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bounceStart = 0x7f080061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1000ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f030103
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f050009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/info = 0x7f0800dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0300db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f110087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f100358
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f10018f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f03043a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f100321
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0801e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0500dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f110067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f05011c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f050075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1003d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f05024d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f030345
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textPanY = 0x7f030439
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f0500ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textPanX = 0x7f030438
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f100412
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f030437
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f06010e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0300d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f03042d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f0f0097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f050101
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0600bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f050057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060153
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f10003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f030083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f03042a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f050253
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f030427
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f050056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/percent = 0x7f08014b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f060246
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f0600e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f030426
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f050100
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f030425
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1000c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1000b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f030421
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f0601de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f0302d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f030089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f030095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050138
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f06000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0b0007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0500a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f030420
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f030098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f03041e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1001e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f030014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f03041d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f06001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f03041c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f030419
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1003aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f100388
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f03031b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onHide = 0x7f03032b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1000e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f030418
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f050006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f050135
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f030058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0800d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f0602b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f090021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f030416
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050273
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f080010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transition_position = 0x7f0801d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f030477
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f030366
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f03040d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f07009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0600ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0c00b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f05019c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f050064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f0f0003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f030409
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/start = 0x7f08019c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showTitle = 0x7f030398
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f030252
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f100304
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1000f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0501f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f03033b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f030407
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f030405
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0501a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100238
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f030404
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f030031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f110078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f030401
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f0303fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f100376
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0500f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f0601ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1001db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f0500f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f0303f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f100406
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f0303f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f10037d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0301f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0303f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f100231
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f050118
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0303e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fragment_container = 0x7f0801f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0800bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0303e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f030094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f060042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f030106
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0301ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0303e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f0303cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0600c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f0303e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxLines = 0x7f0302dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f100329
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f0303e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f0700bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0800a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f0303da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f03042e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f080021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f060083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f0f0018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f030045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fitXY = 0x7f0800bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/suffixText = 0x7f0303d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:menu/navigation_menu = 0x7f140000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f0303ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f0303d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f0303d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f030191
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subtitle = 0x7f0303d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f0500e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f0303cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f0302d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f0303cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0600d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f03025b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f050016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0b0061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f050197
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f070095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f050014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0501eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f0303c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f10001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03029a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f05013a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0300d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0600f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f05018a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f0303c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f0303f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f0303c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f030019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f03042b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f10035a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100207
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f030357
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/snapMargins = 0x7f08018e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f0303ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f0303bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f0303bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f03045f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/crossfade = 0x7f03013b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1003c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f0303bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f0303b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0b0054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f03045c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f03040c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f060213
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f0303b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f10038f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f03035c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f030469
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/include = 0x7f110098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f0303b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f030225
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f0303b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/grouping = 0x7f0800cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f030157
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050217
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f050184
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0301c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorError = 0x7f0300eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f0303b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f100240
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0500b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f0300f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c0081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f0303b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0501cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f06012d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f050104
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0501a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f10039d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f030169
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f070032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060126
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f050074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/spinBars = 0x7f0303a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/spanCount = 0x7f0303a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f100332
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f03007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f0303a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1003d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/linear = 0x7f0800ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f0303a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f100309
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f1001e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f050134
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/slider_3 = 0x7f0f009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f0303a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/position = 0x7f08014d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0c0031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/cancel_button = 0x7f080065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f0303a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f060090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f030264
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f03021a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/singleLine = 0x7f0303a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f03039f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f060102
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f03039e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f03039d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f030205
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f03039c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0300be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f05025c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f10012d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0801bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f050091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f0302c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f03039b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f070025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f03002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showDividers = 0x7f030394
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f05018e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f030025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f10005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showDelay = 0x7f030393
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0501cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f06023b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1002a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f060224
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f030392
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0b003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f050076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1003c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0c0068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f03017e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f05012a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f050028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f100336
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f0f0061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f03038a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f070018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f030389
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f060176
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f030119
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f05016d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/multiply = 0x7f080128
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f03039a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1000b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f030386
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f10040c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f030381
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f030380
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0300d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f06028b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f03037e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/menu_settings = 0x7f0801f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f06022e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f050215
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f03037b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f07008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f030379
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f03012c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0600d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f030293
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f030372
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0500d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textBackground = 0x7f030424
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1003f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f06022f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0300bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/gridview_notes_item = 0x7f0b0070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f10039b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0303eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f08010c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f03048e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1002b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0301a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f090033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f030302
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f03036f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0301a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f03036e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f070004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0500b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f03036c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060150
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f03036a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f030463
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f03016f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f030362
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0500ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f030360
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f09002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0301c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f03035e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f03035b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f03028d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f030358
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f03015d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f10015f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f07000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f030355
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f05003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f030338
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f0302d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/prefixText = 0x7f030354
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_family = 0x7f0c00cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0c0083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f050148
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f0303b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f100354
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f030352
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f08011c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f030351
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f030336
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f030350
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0500c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f03034f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100256
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f03034e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f03034d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0700a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f030275
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f03035a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f100057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f08011a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0600cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f030074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f110057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f030132
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f030342
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f10029d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05027d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f110031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f100433
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f0f0052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f030340
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f06011a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f03002a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f03033e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f0303c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_surface_tint_layer_color = 0x7f0c0065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0b001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f030339
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f100204
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f05001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f03038b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f03037a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f030335
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0301a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0301f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f030333
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f080040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f03032f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f060060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/lStar = 0x7f03023d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f03049a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f100150
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f050244
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onShow = 0x7f03032e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f030217
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f03032c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f05007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f06005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/icon_group = 0x7f0800d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f03027e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f05009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f030329
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/invisible = 0x7f0800dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f030326
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f110073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f090008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f06027b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f100153
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f030324
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1002c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0c004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f030295
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/logo = 0x7f0302a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f050114
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f030309
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f030322
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1000fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f030304
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0501e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0500b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f060049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f030188
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f03031f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f030212
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f03031e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f03031d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f030064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f03031a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f110066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f100313
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0c0004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/curveFit = 0x7f03013d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0500d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f060146
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0c0036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f05004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f030319
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f0500e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f100253
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f030457
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f07000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionPath = 0x7f030316
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f060050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f030431
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f030311
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f030310
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f030162
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f03030f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f10038a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f060182
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0301a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f050086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f03030e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f03030b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1003e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/line1 = 0x7f0800e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1003d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f03048d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f090022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f03030a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f03000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f0302e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f080008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f030411
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0b002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f060118
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f060122
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0300dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f050116
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/match_constraint = 0x7f0800f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f030056
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f030306
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f110058
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f030297
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f030305
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickColor = 0x7f03044c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f030303
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0300a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f050109
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f0302ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f050199
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f03045d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f06029a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f0302fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f0302fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f030466
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0600b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f0302fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f0302fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/overlay = 0x7f030332
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f080031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0600b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f05025f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f0302f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f03008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f070054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f0302f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f060045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0300d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f03038d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f10035b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060267
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f0302f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f0302bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100234
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1000c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f0302f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f050157
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0301c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f05001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f100289
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f030455
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1003c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f030072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f030114
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1000f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0501bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f030493
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f0f0081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f030214
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f030230
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f0302f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f030465
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f060200
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0800ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f0302ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0301a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f1003c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f0303b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f0601a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f0302ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f100199
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f03006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f050121
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f100116
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1000cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/visible = 0x7f0801e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f0302ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f03040a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f0601e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f0501b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f030478
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/minWidth = 0x7f0302e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f030353
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f0800f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f0302e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/allStates = 0x7f08004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f110023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f080042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f05000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f0302dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f060053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f0f0080
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f0303db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0302a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f0303c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f050001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f100074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060268
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f0501ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f0302d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0301df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/helperText = 0x7f0301ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f0302cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mini = 0x7f080109
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f100151
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/showCustom = 0x7f080184
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f03003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f0302ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f100164
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f0301fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f03011b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1002bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f0303f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f0302c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/pathRelative = 0x7f080149
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f060003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f050041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0c007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f030060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0600e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/circle_center = 0x7f080072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f03004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f060259
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f03044a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f0f007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f0303f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0302ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f0302c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0301da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f0302c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f050132
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1000ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f0302c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f100218
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0303ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f030139
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f080121
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f07002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f0302bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f060020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f0302ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f060114
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f090035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f03032d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f030092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f030384
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f0302b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f060143
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f100012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f0f006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f030443
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f0302b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0c00c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0601bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060151
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0302b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/profile = 0x7f0700e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f030448
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f05015a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0300e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f100140
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0801d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f0602a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0302b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f100265
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f060087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/divider = 0x7f030158
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f080127
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f0601ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_none_family = 0x7f0c00cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f03024c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0501c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f030277
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f0500f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f100351
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f030317
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/framePosition = 0x7f0301e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f070089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f0302ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f030226
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f060289
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1003e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1002d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f06011c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f09000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f03010b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f03019c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f05011d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f030290
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0c00b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f050068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f03040f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f0302bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f03025f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1002f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f03003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f06018f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f100328
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f0500f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f03048f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f11002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f03021c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f1001f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0301d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05027b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0500f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f110064
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f050181
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f0303c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f050154
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1001fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f030020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f03007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f0302be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f090032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f03011f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/theme = 0x7f03043f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f03000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f05022a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f030069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f03029d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0300dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f03029c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickMark = 0x7f03044f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f03026f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f030105
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconTint = 0x7f030206
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/parent = 0x7f080143
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f03029b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listLayout = 0x7f030298
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0700cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f03018d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f1001a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f0302e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f050191
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f030296
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/fragment_profile = 0x7f0b006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f0302d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f060263
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f03012d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/mock_label = 0x7f0302eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f070086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f03028e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06016c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textLocale = 0x7f030435
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050265
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f030287
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f0011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f03021d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f0f0055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f030282
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f0303d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f030281
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f050094
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f03027c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f050219
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0501a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f100191
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f03041b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f0303df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f030143
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0501ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f030047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f030279
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0303a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0301a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0c0027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0302b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f1002ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f03008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f030274
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f030272
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f0302c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f100130
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f030374
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f100320
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f060249
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f050280
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f100236
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/font = 0x7f0301d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f030271
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f030221
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/middle = 0x7f080108
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0c00bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0600c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/TOP_START = 0x7f08000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f06008a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f03026b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f06027e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0302a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f100036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f0501fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0304a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f06021f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f030267
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f030246
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f030263
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f030071
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f10034a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expanded = 0x7f030193
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f100350
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0300e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f03027d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0c009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f03034c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100244
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f030032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f030480
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f0300fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f100060
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f03022f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0301ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f100097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f08012e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0500b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f110000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f050035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f03003b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f03025e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f0301e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f030196
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f06029e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alpha = 0x7f03002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f03025a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f0303d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f030063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f050011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f030131
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f060296
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f11008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f030257
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f030256
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f03026c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f030251
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f10033e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0601f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0300d9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f03024e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout = 0x7f030243
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f03024d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/icon = 0x7f030200
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0800c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f100003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f03024b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1002c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0500a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0301fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f030248
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f030268
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f030434
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f03008b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/customPanel = 0x7f080087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f030247
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f05021c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f030242
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f060239
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f06009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1000f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0302a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f0600dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f030240
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f100070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f08001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f030260
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/duration = 0x7f030172
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f05024f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f0303fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f0303de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f050119
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/activity_slider = 0x7f0b006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0500d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/keylines = 0x7f03023c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/postLayout = 0x7f08014e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f03023a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f03019a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f0500ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f030237
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f100416
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f030133
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f050042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f030239
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f050192
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f03027f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/anticipate = 0x7f08004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f03002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0500a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1000ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f090017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f030238
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0301fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraints = 0x7f030115
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f05005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f0601d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f10029f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f0303f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f06024b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f030234
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f110069
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f06022d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f08016d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f030232
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f05007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f030231
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/btn_finish = 0x7f0801ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f060286
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0300b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f030007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f07006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f03015f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/disableHome = 0x7f080098
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060256
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f060164
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f08008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0300b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f03022b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f100189
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f03022a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f080163
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f060113
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f030462
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/contiguous = 0x7f08007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f10002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0300b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f0301d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f030166
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0301bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f050213
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f03005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f030017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f030153
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f03044e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f03006d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f030262
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0800f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f0f000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f0303cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/end = 0x7f0800ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1003b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f030258
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0501f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f03021b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f03035d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f06028f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0600a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0b0066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f030219
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f03023e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f030033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f05010c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/viewPagerCountDots = 0x7f0801f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f030475
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0c00bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f08001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f03049e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f030216
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1002da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f030213
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0300a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f03020b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0801c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f030371
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f03029f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/haloColor = 0x7f0301ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/overshoot = 0x7f080140
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f0301f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f08000a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f030307
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1000e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f030099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f030266
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0301ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f060023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f05016e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f07004b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f030097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f0301fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f03014c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f03000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f030160
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f060105
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0700aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f060010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0301a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f0301fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0301f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f06025d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/spacer = 0x7f080190
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0601ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f06019b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1000c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f0301eb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f100115
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/goIcon = 0x7f0301e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0600b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050034
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f0301e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f0301e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0800f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f030113
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f0301e2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f100360
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f0303bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f0301e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1001b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f100010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f0301db
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f0700b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f0301f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f060141
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f030078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0301d7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f10029c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f060108
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0600e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f05027f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f070027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f03017a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f10032e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f0301d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f070081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f030285
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f050189
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f03013e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0301c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0301d1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:xml/backup_rules = 0x7f120000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f070092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f05013c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f03038e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0600cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0501ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f03009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f100347
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0301d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f050264
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0301cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f03009b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0301cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f030220
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f030222
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f050133
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1002c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f0302f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0301c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f06007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f03003f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f030041
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0800b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0b005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f070090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f100435
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1000ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f08002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0b002b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0301bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f03010f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f03020f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0301b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f030018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f030110
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f10019d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f08017d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f02001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f0501fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f05019b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f050180
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0b0017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0301b8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0300ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f0301ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f110065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1003b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0301b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f050117
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f07001e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f0300ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0301b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f030367
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f030224
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f03002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0301ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0300da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0800b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060095
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/setsTag = 0x7f030383
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05002d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f030147
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0301ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f110036
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f03023b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f110018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f03042c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0301a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0500cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0301a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f0f0083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0301ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f030387
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f030199
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0c0009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f030227
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f110022
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1002b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f03004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f030198
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0700d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0301dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0801a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/content = 0x7f030116
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0600a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f030170
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f060007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f10009f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f03017c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050234
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f030174
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f030190
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0303ef
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1000a7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f030081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f030202
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f03018a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f0302d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f030120
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f05020c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f030245
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f0f005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f030186
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0300c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f050224
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f030361
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f030093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/waveShape = 0x7f03049b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f08001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f100373
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0b0038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f05023a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f030130
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f030182
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f030029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0300bf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f0303a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f03017d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f060280
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0302b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/parallax = 0x7f080142
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f030011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f10036d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f0303ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f060067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f030288
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f110044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f030433
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0600f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f10037b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f05006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f03009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0302af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f03046a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1001e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f030085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0300d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f080179
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f03016b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f03001d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f030168
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f06026d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f03047e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f03024a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f030402
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f0302d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f10026b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dragScale = 0x7f030161
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0a0008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f06006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0801d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f0301e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f060112
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f030152
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f07000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/background_material_light = 0x7f050020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f100440
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f0602af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f0302f2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f03015b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f030441
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f10020d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f030156
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0301ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f030059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f05018d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f030003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1002df
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/defaultState = 0x7f030150
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_divider = 0x7f08003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f03014d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f030149
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f030250
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f06012f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customReference = 0x7f030146
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f0601b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0301bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f030145
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f060238
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f0f0002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f03020e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0300f0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawPath = 0x7f030163
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0303ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f100137
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customDimension = 0x7f030141
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f06010c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f03013f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f0300ff
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f030070
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f03014e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/currentState = 0x7f03013c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f060167
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f030265
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f0600ee
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f030004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f0300fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f030183
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f0f0005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f0300fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f030138
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f0601c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f05009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f06001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1002bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f100148
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f0302c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0a0009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f03006f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f03012e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f050200
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f05006b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f05017e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/values = 0x7f03048c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f06023f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f100331
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f03024f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f070085
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f0f0035
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f050018
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragUp = 0x7f0800a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f0300f6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f030187
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f03022e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/toggle = 0x7f0801c9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f050153
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f050113
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f070038
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f100281
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/arcMode = 0x7f030037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f050105
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f03006e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0700d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1003e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f060230
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f03011e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f11004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f100232
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0304a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconSize = 0x7f030204
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1000af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/textEnd = 0x7f0801b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f03036d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f050243
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f03011d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f030167
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060190
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f03014b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f100156
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0c0049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f010029
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f03025d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f050161
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f030140
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0501a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/attributeName = 0x7f03003a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f030068
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0300a1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/CTRL = 0x7f080003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f100141
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f030039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f030109
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f07004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f10000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f030057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f050165
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f03004a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0700d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0301a6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0304a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f08002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0301c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1002b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0302ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f030203
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f030176
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1000b1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/queryHint = 0x7f03035f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f090009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0700ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f060204
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f0700ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f0f0028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f030136
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f03010c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f030107
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f10024e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/stretch = 0x7f0801a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f0602ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f03038f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f100251
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f03019b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f030104
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f03009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f030194
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f050033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/black = 0x7f050021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f030042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f030050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0300fe
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f030028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0b0008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f03018b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f030073
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f0501fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f0303d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f03007a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070047
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f05014c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f100374
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1001c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f070099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f0300f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060059
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f100220
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f0303fd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f03020a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f030043
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0300b5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f0300f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f030027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/included = 0x7f0800da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f030400
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0300e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f080013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f08012a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0302b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f0501a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f06009e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0300e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_scrim = 0x7f080178
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060295
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f0301f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1002e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f03046c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f090020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0300b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f02000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f03037f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f05009c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/btn_next = 0x7f0801ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0501e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0300de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f030023
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f06020a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f06022a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/staggered = 0x7f0303b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f030331
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1000c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/elevation = 0x7f030177
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0c0093
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060074
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f05009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f010024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f030414
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f030235
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1003ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/text2 = 0x7f0801b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0300c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f03014a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f030315
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f030010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/direct = 0x7f080097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar = 0x7f080033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f030321
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0800e1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f03012f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0300d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f030082
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/coordinator = 0x7f080081
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f06022c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/app_name = 0x7f0f001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f030184
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/search_view_toolbar = 0x7f08017b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f03011c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1001dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0300d4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f100092
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0601b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f050031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f0601ca
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f050162
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f03033d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f03027a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1003cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010020
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f060076
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f07005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0300d0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0500fb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f0302de
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0300cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f0601d5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f030485
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050256
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f06026c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f05001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f03016c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0801ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0501d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f0f0063
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f03038c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f05001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0300e9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f030108
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f090025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/fade = 0x7f0800b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f060116
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f030013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0300a8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/brightness = 0x7f03007b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0300c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0303e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0300c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f060201
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f100380
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0300c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f100002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f030210
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0601a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f030273
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f03042f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/right = 0x7f080156
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0300e6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f10029a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f050126
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f0700c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f10033c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0500ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f030451
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f03000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f110011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0300ba
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f100237
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f030403
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f10023c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1001cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f050146
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1002cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f0f004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f030236
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f06013e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/m3_side_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010025
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f06002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1000be
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0300b7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0300b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f030180
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showPaths = 0x7f030396
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/minHeight = 0x7f0302e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f10035e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1002ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f100101
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f030121
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f0303a4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/springMass = 0x7f0303af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f070039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0601b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f1003ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1003c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0800f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f060159
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050269
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0300a3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f100394
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f0303ad
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f0501b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f030291
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f030286
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f050103
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Insets = 0x7f11003e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f08009a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0300ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0300ac
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0800fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c00a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f03030c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f100333
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0300ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0300aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f03008f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0300a2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f080039
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f06029d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0501da
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f100067
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f050012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0300e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0300a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f05018b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f03005a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f070028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f03016e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f030016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f030391
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1002cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f090030
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f030192
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f030436
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f050015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f030129
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f030049
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f06014e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0b0012
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f0601c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f10018c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0a0007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0801c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0300f7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f030086
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0300ce
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f08010d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/percentX = 0x7f030347
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0300a5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f030090
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/height = 0x7f0301ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f0302d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/east = 0x7f0800a9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f0f0096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f03008e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0300c1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f03008c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/match_parent = 0x7f0800f1
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f050120
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f070079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f060009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f040000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1001e4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f030021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f030084
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f030195
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f030024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0301e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f05011b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050235
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/background_rounded_primary = 0x7f0700e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f1001e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f050164
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f100188
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0302ae
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f080045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f060089
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f050110
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f030079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f030077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f030356
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0301aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1002c6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f0700b4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f05000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f030422
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f03006c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_label = 0x7f0800fc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0d0001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f05007e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f07001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f10007c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f100051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f050179
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f05006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f100179
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f030062
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0300cd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f0302d3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0601f8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f03006a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f030378
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f03000c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0303d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0601d6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f03016d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f030330
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_medium = 0x7f130005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f0303c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f100399
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f03003d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f06001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0c0066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f05017b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f03013a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05002c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f030075
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/barLength = 0x7f030055
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f03001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f030061
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010028
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f100211
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f060274
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f030054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0c0050
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060139
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0302b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f030052
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f03020c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:font/inter_bold = 0x7f130001
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f03005e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f060218
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0300bc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/borderRound = 0x7f030066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f08009d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f030209
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f030087
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f080099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f05005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0501f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/background_rounded_light = 0x7f0700e5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f030048
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f060101
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f03004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f030046
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f10043a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f030211
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f0700b9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f030002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0c004e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0303ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/teal_200 = 0x7f050284
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f0601c8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f03033f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0c000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0600d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0302e8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f050266
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f03001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/applogo = 0x7f070078
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f070031
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0300f5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f050261
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/list_item = 0x7f0800ec
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/Capability = 0x7f110019
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0301b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/material_value_index = 0x7f080105
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f06017f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f030008
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f030096
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f050204
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f100053
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0b0042
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0301af
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1003ab
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f100021
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f0602b2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f11008d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f06005c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f110009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f03015a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0500a0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f050088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f100233
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300f4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/message = 0x7f080107
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1001d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f030376
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f0300fa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f060066
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/bestChoice = 0x7f08005b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f10037e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0300c4
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f06002f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f03001b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f100174
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f050203
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f050102
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0800c5
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f0302cb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0300b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f0601cc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0500c0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f0300f9
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f05010f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f100401
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0c0077
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f050024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f0303dd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0303f3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0500bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f030175
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f050152
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f05013f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f09000d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f030006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0302b0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0600dc
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f07004f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050045
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f060024
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f03012b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f060032
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:styleable/CardView = 0x7f11001a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f0301e7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f030051
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f03015c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f050125
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05001c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0013
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f0700b6
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f03005f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0501ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0501bb
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f050140
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f050257
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f100310
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f03007f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0f0044
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f030065
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f030009
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_family = 0x7f0c00c7
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060099
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:macro/m3_comp_linear_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0c0033
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f050079
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f030417
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0500bd
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f080011
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f100314
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0b0057
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f030408
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/color = 0x7f0300e3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f06003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0300ed
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f050097
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0501e0
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010027
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f10007d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f060072
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/pin = 0x7f08014c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f030244
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f05021d
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f030088
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0501c2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f050054
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f03044b
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f100291
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f060266
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f0301d2
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f0303d8
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f060091
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f100134
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f0500ea
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f0602aa
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f030142
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f080037
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f100362
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f06023e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/colorPrimartLight2 = 0x7f05002e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f060250
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f03045e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f080083
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f07003c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f030280
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f06004c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f060040
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f03041a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f03040e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600cf
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f05013e
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f03022c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f06015c
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0800b3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f030118
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f030253
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1002c3
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f050218
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f090010
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f03010a
ua.vladmoyseienko.notevault:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f070021
